Date:           4 March 2021\
Main focus:     Final Backlog / Start new Scrum + Code / Buddycheck\
Chair:          Beatrice Vizuroiu\
Note taker:     Mehmet Alp Sozuduz

# Opening
## Role Call
 - Beatrice Vizuroiu
 - Cody Boon
 - Elena Martellucci
 - Kalle Struik
 - Mehmet Alp Sozuduz


# Approval of the agenda
## Approval List
 - Beatrice Vizuroiu 
 - Elena Martellucci
 - Kalle Struik 
 - Mehmet Alp Sozuduz
 - Cody Boon


# Points of action
*The items below are things you should look into after the first meeting. During the meeting you can divide (some of) the work between the team members, so that everybody has something to do afterwards.*

 - We created the issues in gitlab. Is there anything anyone wants to discuss, or any question that they want to ask, regarding this?
 - Please check the MERGE REQUESTS and see if there is anything to discuss.
 - We updated Code of Conduct, added some new points such as what happens when someone is late to a meeting, grade aspiration, what means proper commenting, etc. Is there anything anyone wants to discuss, or any question that they want to ask, regarding this?
 - We added some common classes for the application (Question for example) and endpoints to retrieve questions, as well as set up docker for the database -  we worked together on discord to create the base and not mess with it when merging, we discussed to start coding individually starting with this SPRINT when the base will be finalized 
 - Buddycheck is open until the 5th of March, if you didn't do it, after this meeting please go and finish it
 



# Action points for next week (Scrum board)
*Every week you fill the Scrum board with new action points for that week. See the to do list for the items you should implement.* \
*Can be filled after the CTA meeting. TO-DO board for what we should do next week.*

 - Create SCRUM for this week at the end of the TA meeting 
 - Elements include:
    - Have **Sprint plan** for upcoming week
    (thursday after lunch)
    - **Sprint** (rest of the week)
    - New **increment** on Master Branch (Wednesday afternoon?)
    - Have a **Sprint review** (Wednesday afternoon?)
    - Have a **Sprint retrospective** (decide date)
    


# Any other business
*If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized (in point 2), he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.*

# Questions for the TA
*Your TA will visit you in the second half of the lab session. Note down all questions that you have so that you can ask them then.*
 - Can we have the **Sprint retrospective** during the TA meeting or does it have to be done outside it?
 -  The CTA told us in the first meeting that we should have our application in such a way that scheduling is possible, but in the 2nd one he said that we do not have to worry about scheduling lectures and that we came up with that ourselves. In the example backlog it states that we should worry about that. 
Will points be deducted because we didn not had that aspect in our initial issues on gitlab? 
 - We understood from Sander's announcements on Mattermost and the CTA that we only need to create gitlab issues for the backlog, not an MD as well, is this correct or should we update the initial backlog MD file as well?
 - Is the meeting of next week on Thursday as usual?

# Question round
*If there are any questions, now is the time to ask them.*

# Closing
*Now you can start working on the project. Good luck!*
